[TT-11578] Set chart versions for bitnami database charts (#4439)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/deployment-and-operations/tyk-self-managed/deployment-lifecycle/installations/kubernetes/tyk-helm-tyk-stack-mongodb.md

If you do not already have MongoDB installed, you may use these charts provided by Bitnami.

```bash
helm upgrade tyk-mongo oci://registry-1.docker.io/bitnamicharts/mongodb -n $NAMESPACE --install --version 15.1.2
```

{{< note >}}
**Note**

> Bitnami MongoDB image is not supported on MacOS M1 architecture.

Reviewer: Maybe we should say something like the following:
```suggestion
Bitnami MongoDB image is not supported on darwin/arm64 architecture.
```
What do you think?
